---
layout: default
title: 保密協議
description: Non-Disclosure Agreement
---

This Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated ____________________ (the “Effective Date”), governs the disclosure of information by and between ____________________ ("The Company") on behalf of its sub-brands, such as ____________________, and _________________(“Individual”). 

Each Party may be referred to in the singular as "Party" or in the plural as "the Parties" to this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the Party disclosing confidential information hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the “Disclosing Party,” and the Party receiving confidential information hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the “Receiving Party.” 

1. As used herein, “Confidential Information” shall mean any and all technical, financial, operational, and business technical information provided, exchanged, explored, negotiated, discussed, disclosed, shared, or concluded by either party to the other, including but not limited to (a) patent and patent applications, (b) trade secret, and (c) proprietary information — visual, audio, artistic, design, written, and multimedia work, artwork, mask works, samples, media files and documents, techniques, sketches, drawings, blueprints, tracings, diagrams, flow charts, data, works of authorship, models, presentations, inventions, know-how, processes, procedures, discoveries, ideas, concepts, apparatuses, equipment, algorithms, software programs, software source documents, and formulae related to the current, future, and proposed products and services of each of the parties, and including, without limitation, their respective information concerning research, experimental work, research, findings, development, design details, specifications, engineering, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, clients, investors, advisors, associates, employees, partners, suppliers, emails, messages, customer names or lists, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising, marketing plans, and generally all the files, documents, information of any nature, not made generally known to the public at the time, the disclosing party provides regarding third parties. (Information exchanged between the Parties shall be deemed confidential unless specifically stated to be otherwise.) 

2. Each party agrees that at all times and notwithstanding any termination or expiration of this Agreement it will hold in strict confidence and not disclose to any third party Confidential Information of the other, except as approved in writing by the other party to this Agreement, and will use the Confidential Information for no purpose other than evaluating or pursuing a business relationship with the other party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, the party to whom Confidential Information was disclosed (the “Recipient”) shall not be in violation of this section with regard to a disclosure that was in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, provided that the Recipient provides the other party with prior written notice of such disclosure in order to permit the other party to seek confidential treatment of such information. Each party shall only permit access to Confidential Information of the other party to those of its employees or authorized representatives having a need to know and who have signed confidentiality agreements or are otherwise bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein. 

3. WHEREAS, in order to assure the confidential status of the Information, which may be disclosed or has been disclosed in such discussions, the parties agree as follows: 

	3.1. **Restricted Disclosure:** The Receiving Party shall restrict dissemination of Information received from the Disclosing Party to only those persons, agents, principals, affiliates, assistants, partners, employees, contractors, or subcontractors with a need to know and who are directly involved in assisting in the Relationship, and who have appropriate signed Non-Disclosure Agreements provided by or to the other Parties. 

	3.2. **Restricted Use:** The Receiving Party may use the Information received from the Disclosing Party only to the extent necessary to complete the promises in the Relationship. No other rights are implied or granted under this Agreement. 

	3.3. **Copies:** Information supplied in tangible form may be reproduced as necessary in any form without prior written permission from the Disclosing Party.

	3.4. **Property of Disclosing Party:** Unless otherwise specified in writing, all information, as well as all documents and materials containing any Information, shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party. Upon the request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party agrees to deliver to the Disclosing Party all documents and materials containing any Information.

	3.5. **Confidentiality:** The Receiving Party shall keep all Information received from the Disclosing Party Confidential; and to use all reasonable means, including specific measures as directed by and/or from the Disclosing Party, to protect the same from misuse, espionage, loss or theft; and shall not disclose the Information to others except as provided in Paragraph 2 hereof. 

	3.6. **Exceptions:** Notwithstanding the other provisions stated herein, the Receiving Party shall not be required to maintain Information confidential if the Information: (a) Is now, or hereafter, through no act or failure to act on the part of the Receiving Party, becomes generally known or available to the public without breach of this Agreement. (b) Is known to the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure of such Information, provided the burden of proving such prior knowledge shall be on the Receiving Party. (c) Is hereafter furnished to the Receiving Party by a third party, as a matter of right and without restrictions on disclosure, provided that the Receiving Party promptly notifies the Disclosing Party in writing of this third party disclosure after receipt thereof. (d) Is made public by the Disclosing Party. (e) Is disclosed with the written approval of the Disclosing Party. (f) Information that the Receiving Party informs the Disclosing Party in writing, within 30 days of signing this contract, that he believes constitutes an exception to the Confidentiality terms and which the Disclosing Party explicitly agrees in writing, with the exception. 

4. **Non-Circumvention:** The Receiving Party also agrees to not circumvent the Disclosing Party, such as by dealing directly or indirectly with any previously unknown sources, contacts, clients, customers or any other persons or entities made known by the Disclosing Party, except as allowed by mutually agreed written waiver. Each party shall use the other party’s information only for the purpose of pursuing a business relationship between the parties. In the event the parties elect not to pursue a business relationship, neither party shall make any use of the other party’s information. This Agreement shall be perpetual and ongoing. 

5. **Non-Compliance:** The Receiving Party acknowledges that his/her/its failure to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and will irreparably harm the business of the Disclosing Party, and that the Disclosing Party, will not have an adequate remedy at law in the event of such non- compliance. Therefore, the parties acknowledge and agree that the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek a court order in any court of competent jurisdiction against acts of non- compliance by the Receiving Party (including, but not limited to, its or his or her: assistants, agents, principals, partners, employees, contractors, or subcontractors) in contravention of this Agreement, without the posting of bond or other security, if allowed, or in the amount of US$100.00 (or the lowest amount such court can allow), in addition to whatever other remedies the Party or Parties may have. 

6. Each party shall immediately notify the other upon discovery of any loss or unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information of the other party. 

7. Each party’s obligations under this Agreement with respect to any portion of the other party’s Confidential Information shall terminate when the Recipient can document that: (a) it was in the public domain at the time it was communicated to the Recipient by the other party; (b) it entered the public domain subsequent to the time it was communicated to the Recipient by the other party through no fault of the Recipient; (c) it was in the Recipient’s possession free of any obligation of confidence at the time it was communicated to the Recipient by the other party; (d) it was rightfully communicated to the Recipient free of any obligation of confidence subsequent to the time it was communicated to the Recipient by the other party; (e) it was developed by employees or agents of the Recipient independently of and without reference to any information communicated to the Recipient by the other party; or (f) it was communicated by the other party to an unaffiliated third party free of any obligation of confidence. 

8. Upon termination or expiration of the Agreement, or upon written request of the other party, each party shall promptly return to the other all documents and other tangible materials representing the other’s Confidential Information and all copies thereof. 

9. The parties recognize and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting any property rights, by license or otherwise, to any Confidential Information of the other party disclosed pursuant to this Agreement, or to any invention or any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right that has issued or that may issue, based on such Confidential Information. Neither party shall make, have made, use or sell for any purpose any product or other item using, incorporating or derived from any Confidential Information of the other party. 

10. Confidential Information shall not be reproduced in any form except as required to accomplish the intent of this Agreement. Any reproduction of any Confidential Information of the other party by either party shall remain the property of the disclosing party and shall contain any and all confidential or proprietary notices or legends that appear on the original, unless otherwise authorized in writing by the other party. 

11. **Choice of Law:** This agreement and all disputes arising in any way involving it shall be governed and interpreted by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York and Taipei, the Republic of China (Taiwan), without reference to conflict of laws principles. Any disputes under this Agreement may be brought in the state courts, the Federal courts, and/or relevant local governing courts/authorities located in New York County, New York, and/or Taipei, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts. Both Parties agree to comply with all laws, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations regarding the export of information outside Taiwan. The Receiving Party shall not knowingly transmit, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any Information of the Disclosing Party or export, directly or indirectly, any product or Information in contravention of the laws of Taiwan or in contravention of the laws of any other country governing the aforesaid activities. The Receiving Party shall not transfer any Information received hereunder or any product made using such Information to any country prohibited from receiving such data or product by Taiwan Department of Commerce Export Administration Regulations without first obtaining a valid export license. In the event the Receiving Party violates the foregoing, the Receiving Party shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Disclosing Party from and against any claim, loss, liability, expense or damage including fines or legal fees, incurred by the Disclosing Party with respect to the export or re-export activities contrary to the foregoing. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any Supplement attached hereto, this Section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement and any Supplements attached hereto. This Agreement may not be amended, except by a writing signed by both parties hereto. 

12. Each party acknowledges that its breach of the Agreement will cause irreparable damage and hereby agrees that the other party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

13. **Severability and Modification:** If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or declared to be illegal, unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, such illegal, unlawful, invalid or unenforceable provision shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as though such provision had not been contained in this Agreement. If the scope of any provision in this Agreement is found to be too broad to permit enforcement of such provision to its fullest extent, the parties consent to judicial modification of such provision and enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a proper authority to be unenforceable or invalid such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole and in such event, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable or invalid provision within the limits of applicable law or applicable court decisions. 

14. **Confidentiality and Assignment:** This Agreement and its terms shall be considered fully private and confidential. This Agreement is non-assignable without the other Parties’ express permission. However, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Parties, and shall bind all affiliates, assignees, transferees, or other persons or entities that may by agreement or necessity later become involved with the Information. 

15. **Amendment and Modification:** This Agreement shall not be amended or superseded by any other Agreements, unless done so by explicit written agreement, signed and consented by the Parties, at a later date, expressly with the intent of amending this document by incorporation and reference. 

16. Neither party shall communicate any information to the other in violation of the proprietary rights of any third party. 

17. Neither party will assign or transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. 

18. **Claim or Controversy:** Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, (other than one needing equitable relief as stated in paragraph eight), or any breach thereof which cannot be resolved amicably between the parties shall be finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the Chinese Arbitration Association. In the event of arbitration, each Party shall each select an arbitrator from the list of candidates provided for that purpose by the Chinese Arbitration Association, and those two arbitrators shall then select a third arbitrator who need not necessarily be from the Chinese Arbitration Association list. All arbitration proceedings shall take place in Taipei, Taiwan or New York, New York unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. Any award or decision of the arbitration panel shall be binding upon and enforceable against the parties, and the parties expressly waive any right to submit any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any breach hereof to a court of law, except as set forth herein. Judgment upon any awarded decision of the arbitration may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. If the parties cannot settle, mediate or arbitrate their dispute, then the most local state Common Pleas Court in Taipei to the parties in Taipei, Taiwan, shall have the agreed jurisdiction and venue to proceed. 

19. *Neither party shall export, directly or indirectly, any technical data acquired from the other pursuant to this Agreement or any product utilizing any such data to any country for which the local government or any agency thereof at the time of export requires an export license or other governmental approval without first obtaining such license or approval. 

20. All notices or reports permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered by personal delivery, electronic mail, facsimile transmission or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, five (5) days after deposit in the mail, or upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission. Notices shall be sent to the addresses set forth at the end of this Agreement or such other address as either party may specify in writing.

21. Each of the parties agrees that the software programs of the other party contain valuable confidential information and each party agrees it will not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, create other works from, or disassemble any software programs contained in the Confidential Information of the other party without the prior written consent of the other party. 

22. **Written Agreement:** This Non-Disclosure and Non-Circumvention Agreement is intended to be a complete Agreement between the Parties and shall have full legal effect when signed by the Parties.

23. **Counterparts:** This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 

24. **Terms:** The time periods under which the Information shall be held confidential shall be indefinitely or the longest period of time the law will allow in which to protect patented, copyrighted, or otherwise confidential or protected information. Or may be terminated by either party at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. The Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement with respect to Confidential Information shall survive termination of this Agreement, be binding upon the Recipient’s heirs, successors and assigns and continue in full force and effect for five (5) years from the date of disclosure of such Confidential Information. 

25. **Implementation of Reasonable Protective Measures:** Each of the parties acknowledge that reasonable and sufficient measures have been taken to secure the “Confidential Information”, including but not limited to: (a) secure passwords, passkeys, and multi-factor authentication to confidential information, (2) controlled access of confidential information to only a subset of employees and pertinent parties, (3) secure storage of confidential information on cloud services and networks.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties, as authorized representatives, hereto agree to all terms and conditions stated above, have duly executed this Non-Disclosure Agreement as of the Effective Date, placing this Agreement into full force and effect. 
___________________ ("The Company")	 Individual
Name: ___________________________ Name: ________________________ 
Signature: _______________________ Signature: _____________________ 
Date: ___________________________ Date: _________________________ 
